Ladino             English
banyo               bathroom
banyos              bathrooms
buro                office, study
buros               offices
entrada             entrance
kabine              toilets
kamareta            room
kamaretas           rooms
kamareta de echar   bedroom
kamareta de estudio study, private room
koridor             corridor
koridores           corridors
kozina              kitchen
kozinas             kitchens
mupak               kitchen
salamanje           dining room
salon               living room
tualeta             water closet
tualetas            water closet
uda de echar        bedroom