Ladino             English
amariyo             yellow
amariya             yellow
amariyos            yellow
amariyas            yellow
azul                blue
blanko              white
blanka              white
blankos             white
blankas             white
blu                 blue
bordo               burgundy, claret
khaki               khaki
kolorado            red
kolorada            red
kolorados           red
koloradas           red
maron               brown
mavi                blue
morado              purple
morada              purple
morados             purple
moradas             purple
portokal            orange
portokales          oranges