Ladino             Spanish
amariyo             amarillo
amariya             amarilla
amariyos            amarillos
amariyas            amarillas
azul                azul
blanko              blanco
blanka              blanca
blankos             blancos
blankas             blancas
blu                 azul
bordo               burdeo
khaki               caqui
kolorado            rojo
kolorada            roja
kolorados           rojos
koloradas           rojas
maron               marr√≥n
mavi                azul
morado              morado
morada              morada
morados             morados
moradas             moradas
portokal            naranja
portokales          naranjas