Ladino             Spanish
Inglez              inglés
aleman              alemán
arabo               árabe
arabos              árabes
djudeo-espanyol     judeo-español
ebreo               hebreo
ebrea               hebrea
ebreos              hebreos
ebreas              hebreas
espanyol            español
fransez             francés
ivrit               hebreo
kasteyano           Castellano
katalan             catalán
ladino              Ladino
latinos             latinos
latinas             latínas
portugez            portugués
turko               turco
turka               turca
turkos              turcos
turkas              turcas
yiddish             lengua de los judios askenazis