Ladino             English
Inglez              English
aleman              German
arabo               Arab
arabos              Arabs
djudeo-espanyol     judeo-spanish
ebreo               Hebrew
ebrea               Hebrew
ebreos              Hebrew
ebreas              Hebrew
espanyol            Spanish
fransez             French
ivrit               Hebrew
kasteyano           Castilian
katalan             Catalan
ladino              Ladino
latinos             latin
latinas             latin
portugez            Portuguese
turko               Turkish
yiddish             yiddish