Ladino             Spanish
israeliano          israelí
israeliana          israelí
israelianos         israelis
israelianas         israelis
izmirli             de Izmir
izmirlis            de Izmir
olandez             holandés
olandeza            holandesa
olandezes           holandeses
olandezas           holandesas
palestiniano        palestino
palestiniana        palestina
palestinianos       palestinos
palestinianas       palestinas
suediano            sueco
suediana            sueca
suedianos           suecos
suedianas           suecas
turkano             de Turquía
turkana             de Turquía
turkanos            de Turquía
turkanas            de Turquía