Ladino             Spanish
ambasador           embajador
avokato             abogado
avokata             abogada
avokatos            abogados
avokatas            abogadas
bankero             banchero
bankera             banchera
bankeros            bancheros
bankeras            bancheras
baylador            bailarín
bayladera           bailarina
bayladores          bailarín
bayladeras          bailarinas
bibliotekario       bibliotecario
bibliotekaria       bibliotecaria
bibliotekarios      bibliotecarios
bibliotekarias      bibliotecarias
djoyero             joyero
doktor              doctor
doktora             doctora
doktores            doctores
doktoras            doctoras
enfermero           enfermero
enfermera           enfermera
enfermeros          enfermeros
enfermeras          enfermeras
eskultor            escultor
eskultora           escultora
eskultores          escultores
eskultoras          escultoras
frutero             frutería
garson              camarero
garsona             camarera
garsones            camareros
hamal               portador
hamala              portadora
hamales             portadores
hamalas             portadoras
kantador            cantor
kantadera           cantora
kantadores          cantors
kantaderas          cantoras
kasap               carnicero
komersante          comerciante
kompozitor          compositor
kompozitora         compositora
kompozitores        compositores
kompozitoras        compositoras
ladron              ladrón
ladrona             ladrona
ladrones            ladrones
ladronas            ladronas
mediko              médico
medika              médica
medikos             médicos
medikas             médicas
moso                criada, mozo
mosa                criada, moza
mosos               criadas, mozos
mosas               criadas, mozas
orero               relojero
orera               relojera
oreros              relojeros
oreras              relojeras
paylacho            payaso
paylachos           payasos
peshkador           pescador
peshkadora          pescadora
peshkadores         pescadores
peshkadoras         pescadoras
pilot               piloto
pilota              pilota
pilotes             pilotos
pilotas             pilotas
pintador            pintor
pintadora           pintora
pintadores          pintores
pintadoras          pintoras
profesor            profesor
profesora           profesora
profesores          profesores
profesoras          profesoras
shofor              chofer
shofores            choferes
sientista           científico, científica
sientistas          científicos, científicas
spiker              locutor
spikeres            locutores
tanyedor            músico
tanyedora           música
tanyedores          músicos
tanyedoras          músicas
traduktor           traductor
traduktora          traductora
traduktores         traductores
traduktoras         traductoras
veterinaro          veterinario
veterinara          veterinaria
veterinaros         veterinarios
veterinaras         veterinarias
yaurtchi            vendedor de yogurt