Ladino             Spanish
bluza               blusa
bluzas              blusas
boton               botón
botones             botones
chapin              zapato
chapines            zapatos
chizme              
chizmes             
djaketa             chaqueta
djaketas            chaquetas
empermeable         
fostan              vestido
fostanes            vestidos
fusta               falda
fustas              faldas
guantes             guantes
kalsado             zapato
kalsados            zapatos
kamiza              camisa
kamizas             camisas
kanyamazo           trapo
kasketa             gorra de béisbol
kasketas            gorras de béisbol
kombinezon          enaguas
kundurya            zapato
kushak              cinturón
mortaja             mortaja
mortajas            mortajas
panatalon           pantalon
panatalones         pantalones
pantofla            zapatilla
panyo               paño
pardesu             abrigo
pulover             suéter
puloveres           suéteres
sapato              zapatilla
sapatos             zapatillas
shal                chal
shales              chales
sutien              sostén
takia               gorro
takias              gorros
triko               jersey
vestido             vestido
vestidos            vestidos