Ladino             English
abrikok             apricot
afarsemon           persimmon
agranada            pomegranate
agranadas           pomegranates
ahududu             raspberry
almendra            almond
almendras           almonds
ananas              pineapple
asorva              currant
avokado             avocado
avramila            green plum
avramilas           green plums
banana              banana
bananas             bananas
datile              date
eshkidunya          loquat
eshkidunyas         loquats
frambuaz            raspberry
freza               strawberry
frezas              strawberries
greyfrut            grapefruit
harova              carob
hurma               persimmon
igo                 fig
karpuz              watermelon
karpuzes            watermelons
limon               lemon
limones             lemons
mandarina           mandarin
mango               mango
mansana             apple
mansanas            apples
melon               melon
mora                blackberry
pera                pear
peras               pears
pomela              pomela
portokal            orange
portokales          oranges
sabra               sabra
salsamora           blackberry
sereza              cherry
serezas             cherries
shefteli            peach
sheftelis           peaches
torondja            grapefruit
uva                 grape
uvas                grapes
zirguela            plum
zirguelas           plums