Ladino             Portuguese
abrikok             damasco
afarsemon           caqui
agranada            romã
agranadas           romãs
ahududu             
almendra            amêndoa
almendras           
ananas              abacaxi, ananás
asorva              groselha
avokado             abacate
avramila            
avramilas           
banana              
bananas             
datile              tâmara
eshkidunya          nêspera
eshkidunyas         
frambuaz            framboesa
freza               morango
frezas              
greyfrut            greipfrut
harova              
hurma               
igo                 figo
karpuz              melancia
karpuzes            
limon               limão
limones             
mandarina           tangerina
mango               manga
mansana             maçã
mansanas            
melon               melão
mora                amora
muez                noz
muezes              noz
pera                pera
peras               
pomela              
portokal            laranja
portokales          
sabra               
salsamora           
sereza              cereja
serezas             
shefteli            pêssego
sheftelis           
torondja            toranja
uva                 uva
uvas                
zirguela            ameixa
zirguelas           