Ladino             Turkish
avokato             avukat
avokata             avukat
avokatos            avukat
avokatas            avukat
baylador            dansör
bayladera           dansöz
bayladores          dansör
bayladeras          dansöz
doktor              doktor
doktora             doktor
doktores            doktor
doktoras            doktor
enfermero           hasta
enfermera           hasta
enfermeros          hastalar
enfermeras          hastalar
kantador            şarkıcı
kantadera           şarkıcı
kantadores          şarkıcı
kantaderas          şarkıcı
moso                hizmetçi
mosa                hizmetçi
mosos               hizmetçi
mosas               hizmetçi
profesor            öğretmen
profesora           öğretmen
profesores          
profesoras          
shofor              şoför
shofores            şoför
spiker              spiker
spikeres            spiker
traduktor           tercüman
traduktora          tercüman
traduktores         tercüman
traduktoras         tercüman
veterinaro          
veterinara          
veterinaros         
veterinaras         
yaurtchi            yoğurtçu