Ladino             Spanish
avokato             abogado
avokata             abogada
avokatos            abogados
avokatas            abogadas
baylador            bailarín
bayladera           bailarina
bayladores          bailarín
bayladeras          bailarinas
doktor              doctor
doktora             doctora
doktores            doctores
doktoras            doctoras
enfermero           enfermero
enfermera           enfermera
enfermeros          enfermeros
enfermeras          enfermeras
kantador            cantor
kantadera           cantora
kantadores          cantors
kantaderas          cantoras
moso                criada, mozo
mosa                criada, moza
mosos               criadas, mozos
mosas               criadas, mozas
profesor            profesor
profesora           profesora
profesores          profesores
profesoras          profesoras
shofor              chofer
shofores            choferes
spiker              locutor
spikeres            locutores
traduktor           traductor
traduktora          traductora
traduktores         traductores
traduktoras         traductoras
veterinaro          veterinario
veterinara          veterinaria
veterinaros         veterinarios
veterinaras         veterinarias
yaurtchi            vendedor de yogurt