Ladino             Spanish
boka                boca
bokas               bocas
braso               brazo
brasos              brazos
dedo                dedo
dedos               dedos
diente              diente
dientes             dientes
diz                 rodilla
dizes               rodillas
espalda             espalda
espaldas            espaldas
estomago            estómago
frente              frente
garganta            cuello
gargantas           cuellos
garon               garganta
kara                mejilla, cara, rostro, semblante, faz
kavesa              cabeza
kavesas             cabezas
korason             corazón
korasones           corazónes
kovdo               codo
kovdos              codos
ligado              hígado
ligados             hígados
luenga              luenga
luengas             luengas
mano                mano
manos               manos
meoyo               cerebro
mustacho            bigote
mustachos           bigotes
nariz               nariz
ojo                 ojo
ojos                ojos
oreja               oreja
orejas              orejas
oyido               oreja
oyidos              orejas
pelo                pelo (de barba, de animal)
pie                 pié
pies                piés
pulmon              pulmon
pulmones            pulmones
punyo               puño
punyos              puños
segundo dedo        índice
seja                ceja
sejas               ceja
tripa               vientre
tripas              vientres