Ladino             Spanish
bluza               blusa
bluzas              blusas
chapin              zapato
chapines            zapatos
djaketa             chaqueta
djaketas            chaquetas
fostan              vestido
fostanes            vestidos
fusta               falda
fustas              faldas
guantes             guantes
kalsado             zapato
kalsados            zapatos
kamiza              camisa
kamizas             camisas
takia               gorro
takias              gorros
triko               jersey
vestido             vestido
vestidos            vestidos